---
title: Kanboard 1.0.14
release_date: 2015-05-02
release_version: v1.0.14
release_type: kanboard
---

### Incoming emails handling

You can create tasks directly by email now.
There are several methods to do that, I choose the easiest method to implement: using a third-party service.

Basically, you have the choice between 3 SMTP providers:

- Mailgun
- Sendgrid
- Postmark

These services handle incoming emails without having to configure any SMTP server.
Emails are received by Kanboard via a webhook.

### Screenshots

It's now possible to insert a screenshot or copy and paste any image directly in Kanboard.
This feature is very useful for bug reports by example.

Note: **This feature doesn't works with all browsers**.

### Burndown chart

The burndown chart is available for each project.
This diagram is a graphical representation of work left to do versus time.

The sum of task complexity is recorded for each day.

### Behaviour changes

Daily project summaries include all tasks now, before it was only open tasks. Those data are used by the cumulative flow diagram.

### Other improvements

- Allow admins to disable the 2FA for a standard user
- Add Slack and Hipchat integrations for each projects
- Display the author in email notifications
- Notifications are sent with the language of the recipient
- Add category description that display a tooltip on the board
- Improve image thumbnails
- Display the sum of task complexity in the column
- Print CSS stylesheet for boards and tasks
- Updated translations
- Some code refactoring
- Better documentation
- Major bug fixes related to Windows Server support, columns and subtasks positions
